we have seen many indicators travel back
to what I call the financial crisis part
two hundreds of examples have popped up
over the past few years showing the
instability of the markets wildly
erratic and
unsustainable when we reach new records
we need to be cautious and careful you
came here for the truth today we are
going to look at a few indicators some
old some new let's begin right away I'm
going try to make this quick video Us
corporate profits after tax when we look
at this we need to take
it for what it
is look at this and just hold it in the
back of your mind it's something that I
always look at because corporate profits
are all that companies care about it's
very clear when they say we are going to
increase productivity to appease the
shareholders and they fire half of their
employees you know that it's all about
corporate profits simply the way it is
what we have seen here previous in
history com
bubble right
here and pre financial crisis
bubble seems to be similar to what is
occurring right
now and there's there's no doubt that
corporate profits have increased over
the
years however I'm seeing a stagnation in
these
periods
and it's a cause for concern that's all
I'm
saying when you know obviously corporate
profits will then rebound back and
increase just like the stock market does
it just concerns me of a crash
that's all it's another indicator piling
up a lot of people don't want to look
into the this kind of information but
simply the way it is I'm just bringing
it to you take it for what it is let's
move on to the next
one piling in investors are returning to
stocks pushing flows into mutual funds
and ETFs to the highest level on record
you can see it right here at the end
it's very clear what's happening global
net Equity Fund
flows when you give people no incentive
to save they have to go out and look
for Investments they don't want to save
it in the bank they want to put it into
investment whether it's mutual funds or
stocks or anything else they're trying
to seek riskier and riskier Bets in
order to make some money because
inflation is going up their housing
prices are going up Energy prices food
prices everything else this is a way for
them to get in there try to make some
back that's all I wanted to bring to you
for this
chart this is it right
here the PE Ratio just one of
many I like to quote the PE
Ratio as regular as possible it's
something that I believe is important
it's key for when you're looking at you
know technical analysis this is one of
the most important indicators I wrote
about it in my book in
fact surpassed it where we are right now
nearly 30 in the PE
Ratio let's take for a moment the time
it was higher and that is during the
doom boom when the PE ratios were
completely absurd everyone knew that
it's going to go down in the history
books for the foreseeable future as the
almost insane
time in terms of stock valuations so for
a moment if you would let's just pretend
that's not
there you
have black
Monday it's exceeded that by many
times and right here basically around
the same thing basically at 30 Black
Tuesday we are talking about the Great
Depression we are at the same level in
terms of PE ratios as the Great
Depression we've gone back way beyond
what we saw
2008 going back before Black Monday and
all of the others and now essentially at
the same level as the Great
Depression alarm Bells should be ringing
off but of course they're not let's
cover these very quickly here Fortune
500 fastest growing
companies
and what I'm seeing is not necessarily
the company itself although you'll see
for example
Facebook technology is one of the
sectors healthc care is another of the
sectors and you look at a lot of these
names on here for
example Salesforce
Facebook and there are
others let's say you know PayPal
Apple are these companies the same
companies that were around a 100 years
ago most of the biggest companies today
were not around 100 years ago or much
less than that times change you have to
remember that very important to note
times change we need to to change our
strategies we need to understand the
Cycles where we are at and we need to
know ultimately in the end how to become
self-sufficient because this stuff is
way out of whack Fortune 500 fastest
shrinking companies and I see a very
very clear pattern you don't need to
have a high IQ for this one look at this
energy energy energy we're looking at
oil companies petroleum cononico
Phillips energy companies losing out
because they're not able to pull oil or
any of the derivatives out of the ground
at the dollar figures that they would
like they used to be you know at $150 a
barrel or $110 a barrel depending on the
the
bull and
now they're let's say at $50 a barrel
and they're just not making the money
they used to corporate profits are
suffering and as a result these
companies are shrinking dramatically
they're laying off people people are
suffering as a result Fortune 500 growth
rate by sector as I described before
Health Care in far in the first
place technology as well and food Food
and Drug stores all right Healthcare
what has happened
Obamacare has taken this to the number
one spot that's ultimately what I want
to get to what I wanted to mention here
when you see what has happened now
healthc care of course it's a
Pharmaceuticals
these
are you know um I want to be politically
correct healthc care
Pharmaceuticals are there
to help people unfortunately it's not
really what it is and
I'm really trying hard to be politically
correct here it's not coming out
though essentially what's happened with
Obamacare nothing's good has come out of
this you're spending more on health care
yet people are dying every single day
people are getting more sick
they're getting more
diseases there is more
infections there is more problems that
exist today and every single day after
that nothing is getting resolved yet
more and more and more money is spent on
this
garbage more percentage of
your wealth is going towards Healthcare
through the taxation through everything
Maybe maybe you know if somebody gets
sick more money has to go in that
direction and it just shows me the
amount
of Simply the amount of money that's
being generated in that way and then you
see all the CEO bonuses you see all of
the turmoil that exists out there and
there are corporate
profits at the bottom line of at all if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up when you give me a
thumbs up when you share these videos on
your you on YouTube and Facebook and
Twitter and everything else it helps me
out it helps to basically make these
videos come up on the YouTube and Google
and all these search rankings so you're
helping me out you're helping your uh
fellow truth Seeker out as well so I do
appreciate that very much every single
time if you found this video informative
I know you'll find my book The Money GPS
and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative the first
book talks about the four asset classes
how to profit from them gives you the
history as well my new book talks more
about earning income reducing your debt
becoming self-sufficient and everything
else so they're very different although
they cover sort of the same type of
topics they're definitely uh different
Focus there has been a great response to
my new book I want to thank each and
every one of you for purchasing it for
reading it and once you're done reading
it hand it to someone else get them to
read the book If I can I did it on my
first
book if you buy the
book in paperback format for 99 cents
you can get the Kindle format that was
an option I selected I have to look if I
can do this for the new book or if it's
possible but anyway I did that on
purpose because I want people to be able
to share the book with other people so
if you buy the paperback you can then
get the Kindle at 99 so I hope everyone
does that if you're interested if you
have a Kindle or
whatever that's all for this video if
you want to look through the books just
go to Amazon they have a look inside
feature you can flip through them take
care here